In this video we're going to install X ramp but when to Linux We'll start by going to the exact Web
site in a browser.
Clicking on the download link at the top scrolling down to the accent for lennix section and choosing
the download for the latest version of HP.
Once we click on the download link this will download the installation package.
Once this is downloaded were not going to run it directly from the browser.
We need to do it from the command line so we'll open a terminal window and there's the file We've downloaded.
First will make it an executable file civil type the command chip mod plus X and then the name of the
file.
This has made it into a file we can run.
Next we need to run it with administrator privileges so will type sudo a dot slash and the name of the
file again.
When I run this it will prompt me for my password.
And when I press Enter the installation program will begin.
And here we are in the set up wizard will click next and next again and this is the folder where X humpies
going to be installed will click next again will uncheck this box.
I don't want to know more about it now me at the moment.
Will click next and click next to begin the installation process.
This might take several minutes depending on your system.
Once that has completed will click finish which will launch the X ramp control panel which looks like
this.
The first thing I want to do is configure the web server to use a folder of our choice.
So the first thing we're going to do here is create a folder where we going to be working with our p
HP script files angling to create a folder in the documents folder and call it w w w.
You can call it whatever you want and create it any way you like and to copy the path of this folder.
And then back in the XM control panel.
I'll go to the manage its servers tab select Apache Web Server and click on the configure button will
click Open.
Can't file which is the Apache configuration file.
Say yes and in here.
We're going to go down and find the document root entry.
We're going to change this to the path of the folder that we just created.
We also change the line afterwards.
The Directory line to the same path will save that file and then back in the example control panel will
click okay and then restart the web server.
And now we're ready to start developing our p HP files.